Hi guys, how are you? I'm fine.
I came to show the book how much they find
I do not know if I have already reviewed the
other to separate team that is given series
same is the first part of the series but
who does not
this one was the book that gave origin
for series
and when I saw I thought so in the
It's true when I was going to light a light.
bright golden round the book the
golden bright student is already bright
but it went well and because you and I already
I spoke like this millions of times I love
fairy tales all the video speaks the same
thing I love failure tells his mistress
fairy tales psycho
fairy and of course I had to
buy this book here says ours to
taiwan in an anthology of short stories
fairy is to expire the creators of the series
not just because the team and I
I thought it was a junction so more than
re-read is a junction of the same tales
so when I started I had this
good surprise to know that it was a
two thirty-story times that
inspired our habit and rolls right
It's difficult today, I recorded it in another one.
I also did not
I could speak the words, it 's a junction.
out of 30 though she is a bad spouse,
expire the creators of the Oz series by
team I did not know but it 's written
here in the preface that they also created
Feliste a series that also
I liked it very super cool
they say here that people like
both fairy tale because tale
fairy all fairy tale have a
message of hope in a message
beautiful so hard as it is
be the way always will end
happy and people really like it
so that's why the fairy tales
are so successful and I believe it is
that same message of hope
what tales bring that makes people
They like it so much and have 30 stories together
here then if you are
How many do you even know are not re-readings?
are the stories and if you like lots of
series and want to know more about
characters and if you only know the
snow white the story the royal tale
as the true snow white of the
portucel of cinderella that are the most
known is that everyone knows
and you want to meet the others had
several tales here that I love myself
fairy tale had accounts that I never
had seen here
if you just like me who loves when
Fado is cool you have children to
put your collection and oliver all over
so cute and well done is cover
That's what I thought was cool.
O okay feitinho all have cute
various local administrations
administrations
I really loved this book here and I
I highly recommend that you have
liked the super green review until the
next